you
Is Pigsy
July 12, 1998
Yes, you are betting with me today
You caused Da Qin to be electrocuted
A lifetime with moonlight
Bastard what do you want
Sister, stop struggling
That guy Lu Yao owes us tens of thousands
Either pay back the money or sausage today
Stop struggling
Bastard, let go of this house
Otherwise, I'll let you go if I'm a ghost
Ouch, sister, stop yelling
Hurry up and take out the house book and give Lu Yaohuan a gambling debt
Otherwise, I'm not responsible for you two being defiled
Don't even think about it.
Even if we die here today
I will never give you the house book
If I Qianqian have the ability, you will kill me
Otherwise, I will definitely tell Lu Yao about this today.
Let him see your true colors
Enough, if you have the ability, go and sue
As long as you tell him
The old lady is directly looking for someone to kill
And don't forget
I'm pregnant with your way now
If only he knew
The child is gone
you
Didn't you say you were amazing?
People are handed over to you
Take out the room book for me today no matter what.
Stinky pussy
Stop! Who dares to move?